# Artist Statement

I have been thought for a while, I was confused and didn't know how to interpret at firest, and I was struggling to find the answer. How ironic it is, the timeless attraction just arounds us -- "the unknown".

From my perspective, no one will not be curious about or obsessed with the unknown. For example, every time we wonder our assignemnt result, our truth love, the offer of a decent job. Besides, not just wondering, we are also exploring, explore the nature, explore the human limitation and explore the someone's secrets(LOL).

Therefore, my art focuses on express the unknwon of everyone's future is attractive, it can drive people to think about their attitude toward the future, I believe not everyone can have a clear vision about the futrue, and not everyone can have an absolute control their life. Take myself as an example, I had a grand aspirations that was to be a merchant of unparalleled wealth when I was little, while now what I care just about get a decent job which can allow me to buy an cozy apartment by mortgage, so that I can let my girlfriend marry me. Yes, you didn't get it wrong, mortgage to buy an apartment. I have to say, the reality is harsh. The most extraordinary thing in the world is to gradually accept that I am ordinary, not the so-called genius.

It sounds like a bit depressed, right? but in my project I would like to let people feel that even how suck or wonderful of current life, just keep going. You can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward. Because only when you move on, you can get the chance to see difference of your life. So that this is why the unknown of life is attractive, it might be a disaster next second, and it could be your highlight next moment, you can't tell. And if you would like to live with a meaningful life, be brave, try to do anything you want but you are afraid of, otherwise, I bet you would regret when you are getting old.

As for my art, I admit that part of it was boring, part of it was interesting, in the end, I would let the viewer to forget about the previous interaction in my project, just dance like a child, be happy at that moment. try to forget about the theme, just enjoy the music.